
# Data viz portifolio

This repository contains a sellected collection of visualizations that I
created for academic, self learning, and hobby purposes.

## COVID Symptom Study Sweden (CSSS)

The COVID Symptom Study was a non-commercial project that used a free
smartphone app to facilitate real-time data collection of symptoms,
exposures, and risk factors related to COVID-19. The app was developed
by researchers at King’s College and Guys and St Thomas’ Hospitals in
London in partnership with health science company Zoe Global
Ltd. Baseline data and recurring daily questions are described in
<a href = https://science.sciencemag.org/content/368/6497/1362> Drew et
al (Science, 2020)</a>. The app was launched in the UK and US March
2020. In Sweden, the study is based at Lund University and, as per a
collaboration agreement on 28 July 2020, Uppsala University. The app was
launched in Sweden on April 29, 2020 as part of a national research
initiative on COVID-19. \>4.5 million participants in the three
countries used the app, \~220,000 of whom live in Sweden. On July 11,
2022, with over 500 million data entries, in which Swedish participants
contributed \~20 million of these, the project officially ended the data
collection phase.

### Dashboard

On July 22, 2020, we have lauched the CSSS dashboard, an interactive
online solution for presenting our predictions and maps entirely
developed in R shiny and deployed at shinyapps.io.

The source code for the dashboard is oppenly available
[here](https://github.com/hugofitipaldi/CSSS_dashboard)

The dashboard is available
[here](https://csss-resultat.shinyapps.io/csss_dashboard/)

<img src="images/dashboard_new.png" width="100%" />

### Maps and infographics

## Publications

### GWAS mining dashboard

### Precision Medicine Diabetes Initiative
